content/publication/development-of-ethyl-formate-disinfestation-treatment-methods-for-the-prevention-of-the-introduction-and-establishment-of-exotic-insect-pests-in-greenhouse-cultivation/index.md, before:

---
title: Development of Ethyl Formate Disinfestation Treatment Methods for the
  Prevention of the Introduction and Establishment of Exotic Insect Pests in
  Greenhouse Cultivation
publication_types:
  - "2"
authors:
  - admin
  - Dongbin Kim
  - Soon Hwa Kwon
  - Gwang-Hyun Roh
  - Sangman Lee
  - Byung-Ho Lee
  - Sung-Eun Lee
author_notes:
  - Equal contribution
  - Equal contribution
doi: https://doi.org/10.3390/agriculture13122251
publication: "*Agriculture 13(12), 2251*"
publication_short: ""
abstract: The effects of climate change and shifting consumer preferences for
  tropical/subtropical mango fruits have accelerated their greenhouse
  cultivation in South Korea, which has consequently exacerbated the risk of
  unexpected or exotic insect pest outbreaks. This study used the pest risk
  analysis (PRA) of greenhouse-cultivated mangoes provided by the Animal & Plant
  Quarantine Agency in Korea to evaluate the potential of ethyl formate (EF)
  fumigation as a new pest management strategy against the yellow tea thrips
  (*Scirtothrips dorsalis*), which is considered a surrogate pest in the thrips
  group according to the PRA. The efficacy and phytotoxicity of EF were
  evaluated in greenhouse-cultivated mango tree (Irwin variety) and post-harvest
  mango fruit scenarios. EF efficacy ranged from 6.25 to 6.89 g∙h/m³ for lethal
  concentration time (LCt)50 and from 17.10 to 18.18 g∙h/m³ for LCt99,
  indicating similar efficacy across both scenarios. Application of 10 g/m³ EF
  for 4 h at 23 °C could effectively control *S. dorsalis* (100% mortality)
  without causing phytotoxic damage to the greenhouse-cultivated mango trees,
  while post-harvest mango fruit fumigation with 15 g/m³ EF for 4 h at 10 °C
  showed potential for complete disinfestation of *S. dorsalis* without
  compromising fruit quality.
tags:
  - Fumigation
  - Greenhouse
  - Thrips
categories:
  - Ethyl formate
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: smart
  preview_only: false
  filename: graphical-abstract-re-.jpg
summary: ""
url_dataset: ""
url_project: ""
url_source: ""
url_video: ""
featured: false
projects:
  - Ethyl formate
date: 2023-12-19T14:36:15.461Z
publishDate: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
---

Commit message:

Update Publication “development-of-ethyl-formate-disinfestation-treatment-methods-for-the-prevention-of-the-introduction-and-establishment-of-exotic-insect-pests-in-greenhouse-cultivation/index”

content/publication/development-of-ethyl-formate-disinfestation-treatment-methods-for-the-prevention-of-the-introduction-and-establishment-of-exotic-insect-pests-in-greenhouse-cultivation/index.md, after:

---
title: Development of Ethyl Formate Disinfestation Treatment Methods for the
  Prevention of the Introduction and Establishment of Exotic Insect Pests in
  Greenhouse Cultivation
publication_types:
  - "2"
authors:
  - admin
  - Dongbin Kim
  - Chaeeun Kim
  - Donghyeon Kim
  - Byeongjun Kim
  - Byung-Ho Lee
  - Sung-Eun Lee
author_notes: []
doi: https://doi.org/10.3390/agriculture13122251
publication: "*Agriculture 13(12), 2251*"
publication_short: ""
abstract: Globalization has increased international trade and caused an annual
  increase in the number of non-native insect pest species found in quarantine
  sites in Korea. Since over 80% of Korean farms use greenhouses with internal
  conditions conducive to growing crops and hospitable to exotic pests,
  efficient pest control is crucial. This study evaluated the efficacy of ethyl
  formate (EF) against three major exotic insect pests (Aphis gossypii,
  Frankliniella occidentalis, and Tetranychus urticae) and beneficial organisms
  (earthworms, honeybees, and silkworms) via EF fumigation experiments at two
  concentrations. The lethal concentration–time (LCt)99 values of A. gossypii,
  F. occidentalis, and T. urticae were 8.96, 14.00, and 19.07 g h/m3,
  respectively. Four hours of fumigation of EF at 15 g/m3 left no residue on the
  crops or soil after a maximum of 3 h. The beneficial organisms exhibited
  higher tolerance levels than A. gossypii with regard to LCt99 value, but the
  higher EF treatment dosage needed to control F. occidentalis and T. urticae
  could be highly lethal to honeybees. The lower EF dose (4 g/m3) effectively
  controlled A. gossypii, but 15 g/m3 was needed for F. occidentalis and T.
  urticae. Phytotoxicity varied in severity with EF concentration. These
  insights can help in developing a refined disinfestation strategy for
  greenhouses.
tags:
  - Fumigation
  - Greenhouse
  - exotic insect pest
categories:
  - Ethyl formate
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: smart
  preview_only: false
  filename: 그림1.png
summary: ""
url_dataset: ""
url_project: ""
url_source: ""
url_video: ""
featured: false
projects:
  - Ethyl formate
date: 2023-12-07T14:36:15.461Z
publishDate: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
---
