content/publication/naturally-occurring-piper-plant-amides-potential-in-agricultural-and-pharmaceutical-industries-perspectives-of-piperine-and-piperlongumine/index.md, before:

---
title: "Naturally occurring Piper plant amides potential in agricultural and
  pharmaceutical industries: perspectives of piperine and piperlongumine"
publication_types:
  - "2"
authors:
  - Hwang-Ju Jeon
  - admin
  - Chaeeun Kim
  - Sung-Eun Lee
author_notes:
  - Equal contribution
  - Equal contribution
doi: https://doi.org/10.3390/foods12050926
publication: "*Foods, 12(5), 926*"
publication_short: ""
abstract: Regulation of melanin production via the MC1R signaling pathway is a
  protective mechanism of the skin of living organisms against exposure to
  ultraviolet rays. The discovery of human skin-whitening agents has been one of
  the most intense pursuits of the cosmetic industry. The MC1R signaling pathway
  is activated by its agonist, alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone (α-MSH), and
  mainly regulates melanogenesis. Here, we evaluated the antimelanogenic
  activities of curcumin (CUR) and its two derivatives, dimethoxycurcumin (DMC)
  and bisdemethoxycurcumin (BDMC), in B16F10 mouse melanoma cells and zebrafish
  embryos. CUR and BDMC reduced the α-MSH-induced melanin production in B16F10
  cells and also downregulated the expression of the melanin-production-related
  genes Tyr, Mitf, Trp-1, and Trp-2. Moreover, the biological activity of these
  two compounds against melanogenesis was confirmed in in vivo experiments using
  zebrafish embryos. However, the highest concentration of CUR (5 µM) resulted
  in slight malformations in zebrafish embryos, as indicated by acute toxicity
  tests. In contrast, DMC did not show any biological activity in vitro or in
  vivo. Conclusively, BDMC is a strong candidate as a skin-whitening agent.
tags:
  - Antimelanogenic effect
  - Curcumin
  - B16F10
  - Zerbafish
categories:
  - Natural Products
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: smart
  preview_only: false
  filename: foods-12-00926-g005.png
summary: ""
url_dataset: ""
url_project: ""
url_source: ""
url_video: ""
featured: false
projects: []
date: 2023-04-30T10:44:42.283Z
publishDate: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
---

Commit message:

Update Publication “naturally-occurring-piper-plant-amides-potential-in-agricultural-and-pharmaceutical-industries-perspectives-of-piperine-and-piperlongumine/index”

content/publication/naturally-occurring-piper-plant-amides-potential-in-agricultural-and-pharmaceutical-industries-perspectives-of-piperine-and-piperlongumine/index.md, after:

---
title: "Naturally occurring Piper plant amides potential in agricultural and
  pharmaceutical industries: perspectives of piperine and piperlongumine"
publication_types:
  - "2"
authors:
  - Hwang-Ju Jeon
  - admin
  - Yong-Deuk Kim
  - Sung-Eun Lee
author_notes: []
doi: https://doi.org/10.1186/s13765-019-0471-z
publication: "*Appl Biol Chem 62, 63*"
publication_short: ""
abstract: Piperaceae plants consist of about 3600 species, of which about 2000
  are Piper plants. Their habitat is distributed across pantropical regions. The
  representative plant is Piper nigrum, known as black pepper. These plants have
  been widely used in folk medicine in Korean traditional medicine. This review
  collected papers identifying and separating the amides obtained from these
  Piper plants, with a focus on Piper amides potential to control the production
  and growth of fungal strains that cause plant disease and their insecticidal
  properties against agricultural pests. Piper amide benefits include
  antiaflatoxigenic activities, antiparasitic activities, anticancer properties,
  antiplatelet activities, and anti-inflammatory activities, among other
  therapeutic properties for the treatment of human diseases. In addition, this
  review paper provides a total synthesis study on the mass production of Piper
  amides and their derivatives, with a formulation study for industrial use.
  This review paper is designed to help inform future studies on Piper amide
  applications.
tags:
  - Review
  - Antimelanogenic effect
  - B16F10
  - Zerbafish
categories:
  - Natural Products
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: smart
  preview_only: false
  filename: 13765_2019_471_fig2_html.webp
summary: ""
url_dataset: ""
url_project: ""
url_source: ""
url_video: ""
featured: false
projects: []
date: 2019-11-04T10:44:42.283Z
publishDate: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
---
